[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Sheila Gillette back with
us, a bestselling author
and the channeler for 12
archangels known collectively
as Theo.
Her work has been verified by
physicists and researchers,
and has supported
millions of people
around the planet in
their spiritual journeys.
Sheila, welcome
back to the program.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
Thank you, George.
It's good to be with you again.
>>NOORY: You had a
near-death experience.
>>GILLETTE: I did.
>>NOORY: Tell us about that.
>>GILLETTE: In 1969 after
the birth of a child,
I had pulmonary embolus.
And I was in intensive care.
My lungs were
non-functional and I
felt like I had an elephant
sitting on my chest.
>>NOORY: It hurt that much.
>>GILLETTE: Well, it was more--
>>NOORY: Pressure.
>>GILLETTE: I couldn't breathe.
I only had a little tiny place
in the top of my right lung
that I could even breathe.
And my family was
being prepared that I
wouldn't live through the day.
>>NOORY: Oh my God.
>>GILLETTE: And I was in
intensive care and I knew,
I knew if I closed my eyes,
I wouldn't open them again.
But I knew I could live.
>>NOORY: Were you scared?
>>GILLETTE: I wasn't scared,
that's the interesting thing.
I wasn't scared.
I just knew I had two little
kids at home and I had
a brand-new baby, and I just
wanted to stay on the planet--
>>NOORY: They needed you.
>>GILLETTE: --to
be their mother.
And so I just kept saying,
hey God, give me a job.
I'll do anything.
And that became like a mantra.
And I was not
sedated in any way.
And because of the blood
clotting, I was wide awake
and I knew what was going on.
And the cubicle,
the intensive care
became extremely
bright, as if the sun
had risen in the room itself.
And I blinked and I saw a
movement at the end of my bed.
And as I focused on it,
Jesus was standing there.
>>NOORY: Oh my.
>>GILLETTE: And
that's what I thought.
>>NOORY: You got
the heavy hitters.
>>GILLETTE: That's
what I thought.
And then I thought to myself,
wow, his eyes are so beautiful.
I was mesmerized by his eyes.
And about the time
I thought that, he
crossed his arms like this.
And when he did so, I heard
in my inner mind hearing
like we hear our own thoughts.
But I heard a distinct male
voice say, remember, my child,
you are loved.
And then he smiled at me.
And I felt my whole body relax.
>>NOORY: Was he
going to take you?
>>GILLETTE: I don't know, to
tell you the truth George.
When he smiled, my
body relaxed and I
felt like the crown of
my head had opened up
and a warm liquid
had been poured in.
>>NOORY: What
about the pressure?
>>GILLETTE: Well, this
warmth just went down
through my whole body.
And as it got to my-- the
trunk of my body, my chest,
I felt as if I could
take a deep breath.
>>NOORY: For the first
time in hours, right?
>>GILLETTE: Days, really.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>GILLETTE: And it was like
I could take a deep breath.
And so, yes, it was a
near death experience,
I had many of the
similar things we all
have read about or heard
about, but more importantly, I
believe I was healed.
I believe that Jesus healed
me in that intensive care.
>>NOORY: Through
this experience,
did you then become a
channeler after that?
>>GILLETTE: Right after that.
About six months after I
got out of the hospital
and I could hold
the energy, I had
all kinds of phenomena happening
to me, externally, internally.
I could hear clairaudiently that
inner mind hearing messages as I
heard Jesus's voice that day.
And then I tranced
spontaneously and became
what was called at the time
a direct voice trance medium.
Channeling was not even a phrase
used at the time I opened up.
And then messages
started coming through me
in that form of a direct
voice speaking through me.
>>NOORY: And you think
this near-death experience
was the catalyst for this?
>>GILLETTE: I have no doubt.
I have no doubt because it was
such a phenomenal experience.
You know, now, today I've
been doing it over 50 years
so it's comfortable for me to
allow Theo to come in and speak.
But in the beginning
it was not frightening
because I had asked for a job.
So in my inner feeling was
all this phenomena that
was happening to me was
a part of this opening
whatever job I was doing.
>>NOORY: You wanted
this, didn't you?
>>GILLETTE: I wanted
to stay on the planet.
Now, if God had given
me a roster of jobs
that were available,
I don't know
that I would have picked this
one back in 1969 because this
wasn't even discussed openly.
People were afraid
of psychic abilities.
People were afraid of anything--
>>NOORY: And they thought it
was woo woo and all that stuff.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, yeah.
And so I've watched the
evolution of people opening up
to their own psychic
ability over these years,
which Theo told me
would be happening.
And so the commitment
I made then has
kept me going, doing this work.
>>NOORY: Now there are a
lot of channelers out there.
>>GILLETTE: Mhm.
>>NOORY: What makes you
different from them?
>>GILLETTE: There are channelers
out there that not all of them
allow the voice for themselves
to be taken over literally.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>GILLETTE: That's
why I was described
by the scientists I worked with
as a direct voice trance medium,
because the messages
come directly through me.
It's not my voice.
My voice and vocal
cords are used,
but I allow the energy to
come in to my entire body
and speak directly.
>>NOORY: When you're
doing that are you
aware of what you're saying?
>>GILLETTE: I'm aware it's
going on but I don't retain it.
>>NOORY: Do you have
control over your body?
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>NOORY: You do not.
Well, we'll find out when
we channel a little bit
later on in the program.
Let's take a look
at a clip that you
had about channeling Theo from
Gaia's documentary "Channeling,
a Bridge to Beyond."
>> Is the heart the central
station within us that allows us
to hear, see, and feel messages
from beyond this dimension?
>> The heart is the sacred
space of the human being.
Everything, all energy travels
in the blood through the heart
and in circulation to
the entirety of the body,
does it not?
So the seat of the soul
is there informing--
if you would-- all things
physical, emotional,
psychological.
>>NOORY: Now that was you,
Sheila, but that was not you.
Was that Theo?
>>GILLETTE: That was Theo.
>>NOORY: Now explain
Theo, these 12 archangels.
>>GILLETTE: Theo came to me--
originally I had a
spokesman, Folos,
that told me higher teachers
who were going to be coming
and my body was being adjusted,
the frequencies in my body,
for the match of
higher teachers.
And when Theo came in,
they spoke and said,
this is the
beginning, is it not?
That's how it always starts.
And they said we are 12
archangels collectively known
by the name Theo.
>>NOORY: Do they take
turns talking through you?
>>GILLETTE: It's interesting.
It sounds like one
voice continuously
but I believe they do.
If you listen to
recordings back to back,
you can tell a
subtle difference.
>>NOORY: There's a little
change, that's right.
>>GILLETTE: Mhm.
>>NOORY: I noticed that the last
time you were on the program.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I picked
that up a little bit.
What did they want?
>>GILLETTE: They are
here, as they've told us,
for the consciousness
shifts that's
happening right now in the
fifth dimensional energy
in the human experience.
>>NOORY: And that's the level of
channeling, the fifth dimension?
>>GILLETTE: They say there's
12 dimensions about the Earth.
We are in and experiencing
the fifth now,
which is this greater opening.
That's why we're seeing
so many people channeling.
We're all channels to one degree
or another in whatever we do.
>>NOORY: Even me?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, even you.
And in your work that you do you
are using that soul energy that
is George in all things
that you do, as we all do.
Some people are
writers, some people
are doctors, some people--
whatever we do that is
our particular focus
in this lifetime is a form of
channeling our soul energy.
And we're all
connected to source.
>>NOORY: Do they come into
you at their will or yours?
>>GILLETTE: Mine.
And they taught me that
right in the beginning.
They said, this is your life,
these are your life moments,
and we are here to work
with you and through you.
And they taught me that
I would control the time
that I would offer myself--
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>GILLETTE: --and to be
utilized in that way.
And they insisted it be
that way because they
said you have a human
life to live as well,
and we are here
to work with you.
>>NOORY: Is there any
research that kind of backs up
what you've been saying?
>>GILLETTE: There's
been a lot of research
done by different scientists
about psychic abilities,
about people being
able to channel.
This isn't something new to
our human experience either.
>>NOORY: It's been
around for ages.
>>GILLETTE: History shows
us that there's always
been seers, knowers, oracles.
There are different
words for it.
And in the early 19th--
late 1800s and early 1900s,
the Theosophical Society
became very prominent
in spiritualism.
And so there's
always been people
who have been utilized as
speakers, let's say, of truth.
>>NOORY: Well, let's channel.
Let's channel Theo.
And I will ask you a
series of questions,
and let's see what happens.
Now after the fact, do
you know what you've said?
>>GILLETTE: I'm aware of the
words that have been said.
If you would discuss it with
me, there would be this, oh--
>>NOORY: A recollection?
>>GILLETTE: A recollection.
But it's not-- I
couldn't come out
and say, well, they said
this, this, and this.
>>NOORY: Well, let's
begin with Theo, please.
>>GILLETTE: OK, it'll
take just a few seconds.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>NOORY: Theo, do you remember
me from our last engagement?
>>GILLETTE: We are
aware of you, yes.
>>NOORY: Good to have you back.
>>GILLETTE: We are appreciative
of the opportunity to serve.
You may ask.
>>NOORY: What has changed
since the last time we spoke?
>>GILLETTE: What
you're observing
is the chaos within
this world that
is for the change
of consciousness
in the human experience
and the recognition of each
and every one of you being more
powerful than you know you are.
And coming into a solid
state of unconditional
love of self, which
then radiates out
into the world to bring peace.
>>NOORY: There seems to be a
consciousness shift going on
on the planet.
Do you sense that too?
>>GILLETTE: We are aware of it.
We've been speaking
that this is happening,
this is the time
you're living in.
And each and every one
of you is a participant
in this shift of consciousness.
>>NOORY: What is
happening to humanity now?
>>GILLETTE: Becoming aware of
more than you think you are.
Your souls are eternal, you're
having a human experience.
And coming into
this time, there's
a greater awareness
of that power within.
>>NOORY: This kind of change,
as I'll call it, in humanity,
is it a positive thing
or a negative thing?
>>GILLETTE: It's a
very positive thing.
However, to shift out of the old
paradigm, the old way of being
that has been thousands
of years passed along,
it is moving out of the old
default system of fright,
flight, fear, freeze
that was originated
in the first humans
for survival and then
continuously, throughout every
generation, passed along.
Now you're breaking out of that
mold, that old way of being,
into a new default system.
As you change limiting beliefs
in each and every one's minds,
you're changing neural
pathways in the brain
to a default system of greater
creativity and positivity.
>>NOORY: Theo, we seem
to be a planet of hate
and wars, killings.
Is that ever going to stop?
>>GILLETTE: There will
be peace on your planet,
but it comes from the
inner to the outer.
And, yes, it has been
such because survival
has been such a
dominance in your minds
and the feelings of
not enough, there's
not enough for everybody.
And what we wish you
to know, there is.
And you're better together
than you are separate.
You're a collaborative species.
Yes, you compete at different
things that grow you
but collaboration
is what you'll find
to elevate this planet
in this consciousness.
And you will observe new
foundations, structures,
ways of being on the planet
that haven't been expressed up
until now as you
collaborate together,
come together as the one
species that you are.
You all want the same things.
As a collective you
want a life well lived,
love and be loved, all of the
things that make one's life
a joy.
>>NOORY: Theo, when you
look at a little child,
a little human
child, what do you
think of that person's future?
>>GILLETTE: We see
the body is small,
that doesn't mean the soul is.
And so this body is
here as the Earth suit,
as the vehicle for this soul
to have an impact on human life
and human existence
on this Earth planet.
And what will be
known by humans as we
look at these young ones
that are to be participating
in wayshowers in this new
world as the powerful beings
that they are.
If you all could see
yourselves as we see you,
there would be no discontent.
>>NOORY: Sheila
had mentioned to us
earlier that there are
12 dimensions out there,
and that we are in
the fifth right now.
What is the fifth compared to
the other seven, let's say?
>>GILLETTE: The fifth is a
human experience in your body.
You're experiencing these
vibrational frequencies
of the dimension that
are opening humans
up even more to the possibility
and soul connectivity
consciously.
And the sixth will be the
same of a fuller expression
of that power physically
on the planet.
The other six to
bring out the 12
are the etheric dimensions,
their vibrational frequency
is very refined, that allow
for greater creativity which
you have access to consciously.
>>NOORY: What gets us to these
various dimensional levels?
>>GILLETTE: In this
time it's the change
of the energy on the planet
and the body acclimating
to this access.
>>NOORY: Are the
higher dimensions
better than the
lower dimensions?
>>GILLETTE: One is not
greater than another,
they're just different.
It's like the notes
of a song, they're
all important, aren't they?
And they're all
vibrational frequencies.
>>NOORY: Correct.
>>GILLETTE: To have
the beauty of the song,
all are equally
important, are they not?
>>NOORY: What gets us to
these other dimensions?
How do we do that?
>>GILLETTE: To be aware of
them, a conscious intention
of awareness and
meditation is a key tool
to have a greater awareness.
>>NOORY: Ascension, what
does that mean to you, Theo?
>>GILLETTE: It means many
different things to many people,
but what we would say here, it
is the path to enlightenment.
And what is enlightenment
but a lightness
of being a lightness of
heart and a solid state
of unconditional love
for self and others.
>>NOORY: Are there many
other living organisms
out there in the universe?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Hundreds?
Millions?
>>GILLETTE: Billions.
>>NOORY: Have they
visited planet Earth?
>>GILLETTE: Some have, yes.
Can you imagine that
your neighbor is one?
>>NOORY: I can't imagine that.
>>GILLETTE: Why we
say this is Earth
is only one choice for
a soul to have a life.
>>NOORY: What makes
Earth so special, Theo?
>>GILLETTE: The beauty,
the experience of the body,
the interactions with each
other in a physical way.
>>NOORY: What about the devil,
where does the devil come in?
>>GILLETTE: That's
a consciousness.
It is not a being.
Some embody what one might
call the devil, which is evil,
but it's all about how
one thinks about the self.
And each of you have
the power of utilizing
energies that are of the
etheric nature, you might say,
magical nature,
but it's a mindset,
and often based in fear.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
turned down an assignment?
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>NOORY: Who assigns you?
>>GILLETTE: It is that
source of unconditional love
which you call God force.
There are many
words that have been
used for it but in
the human existence,
in all religion
and all language,
there is a certain vibration
to the word of God,
which is that sound of ah.
And we wish you all to
have ah in your life.
>>NOORY: Theo, what
would you say you are?
You're an archangel,
but what is that?
>>GILLETTE: You could say in
your chronological thinking
in human experiences up until
now there is a hierarchy,
but we like to say one is
not greater than another.
We could say we are managers
of the legions of angels.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever been a human?
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>NOORY: Do you wish you were?
>>GILLETTE: We get to experience
your humanness through you.
>>NOORY: I bet you wish you were
a human on a Saturday night.
>>GILLETTE: We have
the opportunity
as we interact in this body to
experience some of this, yes.
>>NOORY: Interesting,
that was a joke.
Do you laugh sometimes?
>>GILLETTE: We find it humorous.
A Saturday night is the same
as a Friday to us as well.
>>NOORY: Friday is not bad.
>>GILLETTE: We like your music.
>>NOORY: What kind of music?
>>GILLETTE: All music.
>>NOORY: All kinds.
We've got some very talented
people on this planet.
>>GILLETTE: Very much
so, highly talented.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about planet Earth.
Is there hope for this planet?
>>GILLETTE: This planet
will be here longer
than the humans on it.
>>NOORY: What will
happen to the humans?
>>GILLETTE: When a
life is completed
and one leaves their body,
their soul leaves the body,
we call it birth
to birth, not birth
to death, for you birth
into your human existence
into this physical
structure for the life that
is desired to be lived.
And when that is
completed, the decision
of the soul to leave
the body buds back
into the multidimensionality
of its existence.
>>NOORY: What does
reincarnation mean to you, Theo?
>>GILLETTE: Choice.
Each human chooses to incarnate.
And know there are billions
of souls that would
love to have a human body.
You won the lottery.
You got one.
>>NOORY: The bodies that we
select, do we choose that?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: So we have free will.
You are not demanded
to have a life.
It is a choice to learn
from the experiences
to be had on this
planet in human form.
>>NOORY: What upsets the
archangels more than anything?
>>GILLETTE: We don't get
upset or we don't judge.
We see all things as
opportunities of growth
and expansion experientially.
The only thing that would not
upset us but might upset you
is if there was no growth
from the experiences that
are challenging.
>>NOORY: You had
mentioned that there
are other Earth-like planets
teeming throughout the universe.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
There's billions of them
in your solar system.
>>NOORY: Do the 12 archangels
under the guise of Theo
handle all these planets?
>>GILLETTE: Handle, that's an
interesting way of description.
We would say in that
description, no, we
are aware of them, however.
>>NOORY: Are there other
archangels for them?
>>GILLETTE: There are
24 archangelic beings.
>>NOORY: Total.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
But there are
billions of angels.
>>NOORY: So who assigns
you to a planet?
>>GILLETTE: As you
might think, one
in charge, which would
be God's source force.
Any words that you would use for
the ultimate energy of creation.
>>NOORY: Theo, you mentioned
evil a little while back.
What does the evil mean to you?
>>GILLETTE: There
are individuals
that do things that one
could describe as evil, that
are harmful against another.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: I agree.
>>GILLETTE: So we
see most often one
that would block another's
growth, physically
or spiritually, as
having evil intent.
>>NOORY: What becomes of
these evil people eventually?
>>GILLETTE: Each life has
an expression within it
that one must assess from
a different point of view
than in their human existence.
But most often this
evil is perpetrated
in ways that have been based
in fear and misinformation.
>>NOORY: You're
communicating now
through a human body of a
woman named Sheila Gillette.
How did you pick her?
Why did you pick her?
>>GILLETTE: So
there was a request.
>>NOORY: From?
>>GILLETTE: She requested
from source, from God.
>>NOORY: She prayed.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And asked to be a vehicle for
a change, for information.
A vehicle in which we could
utilize and collaborate
with to bring the message
of change, of consciousness,
and how to do that
to the planet now,
which is the full expression
of the fifth dimension.
>>NOORY: She seems to be
a very enlightened person.
Did that happen after her
near-death experience?
>>GILLETTE: She has been a
good student, a [NON-ENGLISH],,
which is a disciple.
>>NOORY: Is she unusual
compared to other channelers?
>>GILLETTE: In the time
that she requested and chose
to participate there
was a difference, yes,
but there is no difference.
Each and every one of you
has energy of creation
which you could call a
channeling of that energy.
>>NOORY: We seem to have a
world of various religions
all believing in
a monotheist God,
but we have different belief
systems, different thoughts.
Is that confusing?
>>GILLETTE: No.
The one thought of unconditional
love is a constant.
And the love of self
has been a message
from all who have been
the greater teachers
of these particular religions.
But as we stated,
within all religions
there is the one tone of a God,
vibration of a God, and message.
However, then as humans
have led these religions,
they have influenced from
their own human experience laws
and regulations that were
not voiced by the one God
but were of human content.
Yes?
>>NOORY: Do you ever wish
you were in a human body?
Not like you are in Sheila
but as an existing human body?
>>GILLETTE: We have
not wished such.
If we had, we
would have done it.
>>NOORY: Do you wish you had
the same earthly pleasures
as humans do?
Eating, drinking, sleeping.
>>GILLETTE: That's an
interesting concept.
We would have to say no.
>>NOORY: Why is there so
much pain on this planet?
Why do we have to
go through that?
>>GILLETTE: That's a
challenge, isn't it?
And each soul chooses
opportunities of growth.
Challenge is only the
curriculum of life experience
to learn emotions.
>>NOORY: Are we evolving?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, you are.
That's what we've
been speaking about.
>>NOORY: What's next for us?
>>GILLETTE: A new world,
ultimately, out of this chaos,
for what is happening
is all the foundations
that have been passed along for
centuries, thousands of years
are crumbling.
They don't work anymore.
And there is this recognition of
a global species of which humans
are a global species,
as all species are
to some degree in
different form.
But the humans are here to have
this evolution of consciousness
to ultimately have peace.
What one would think a
utopia, to some degree,
in a good way where
you love each other
and collaborate for the
highest good of all.
>>NOORY: How would
you categorize
this discussion you're having
with a human being right now?
>>GILLETTE: We appreciate
the opportunity
to have it for that's
what changes the minds.
And what changes
your environment,
your lives on this planet
is a change of mindset.
Laying new neural
pathways in your brain
and releasing the old default
system of fear and fright.
Fear and faith ask
the same of you,
to believe in something
that is unseen.
And being the
creators that you are,
you can create in your
experience what you want.
>>NOORY: Do the archangels
ever get together and say,
you won't believe what
this human just did.
>>GILLETTE: We are together
energetically and vibrationally
and we observe--
you think of humor, we
find ourselves humorous
but you take us so seriously
for in that observation
of human experience, there are
those moments when we would say,
they're doing it again.
>>NOORY: Theo, how do we
bring Sheila back now?
>>GILLETTE: You are
complete with your asking.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: We will depart
and she will return.
God's love unto you.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>GILLETTE: Good day.
>>NOORY: Is that you, Sheila?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
Hi, George.
>>NOORY: Now do you have any
recollection of what Theo just
said through you?
>>GILLETTE: Not--
I know it happened.
>>NOORY: It's pretty
profound, by the way.
>>GILLETTE: The words.
If I would listen or
watch this recording, I--
there would be some memory
or, I remember that now.
That's very vague but--
it's not a total recall.
>>NOORY: They're very
complimentary of you.
>>GILLETTE: Well, that's nice.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
But where are you
when they're speaking?
Your body's functioning
but, I mean,
you have no ability to call on
your kids or anything like that.
>>GILLETTE: That's interesting
you bring that up, you know.
My children were
very, very young
when this all started
happening to me.
In fact, my youngest
daughter was just a baby
as it was her birth
that brought this on.
And so having small
children in the home,
I would have Theo
speaking through me.
And if they needed something,
Theo would just stop talking
and say to my assistant
who was recording,
the young ones need assistance.
And then she'd
come back and we'd
start recording again next word.
They wouldn't even go,
what were we saying?
Like we humans do.
They just pick it right up.
>>NOORY: You have a book called
"The Art of Relationship."
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Tell me about that.
>>GILLETTE: Well,
it's been revised.
It's 12 chapters.
It's all about relationship,
first and foremost.
>>NOORY: With another human?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
But first to the self or
the relationship of the self
is most important.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GILLETTE: And then to
everything else relational,
primary relationships, children,
work relationships, family,
even end of life relationship,
as we call it the end of life.
There are 12 chapters.
And it's in reference to
all our relationships.
Theo says everything
we do is relational.
And, you know, it's
true in life, isn't it?
We're in relationship
to the grocery clerk
that we give our money
to when we're paying.
You and I are in relationship
now in this conversation.
So everything we do is in
relationship to others.
>>NOORY: In all the years
you've been channeling,
have you sensed a change in
what's happening out there?
>>GILLETTE: Oh yes, yes.
>>NOORY: For the good or bad?
>>GILLETTE: I see it--
I'm very optimistic.
>>NOORY: You are upbeat.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, yeah.
I think you have to
be in life, though.
I mean, I can't imagine
life not being positive.
>>NOORY: I mean, do
you ever get upset?
>>GILLETTE: Sure.
>>NOORY: You're human.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, of course.
But, you know, I've been a good
student of Theo's wisdom on how
to make the changes in me
to be at peace in my life,
and how to--
to the point of how to
interact in my relationships.
>>NOORY: Do you
ever tap into Theo
personally for your own self?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
I can hear them,
they can speak to me
as when I first heard Jesus.
>>NOORY: Sheila, don't do that.
Sheila, what are you doing?
Does it work like that?
>>GILLETTE: Well, it could.
If I were in peril or if
something dangerous was
going to happen, I could feel
them, they would say something.
But my husband Marcus,
if I have questions
like you were
asking questions, he
will ask them for me because
then I can have a recording.
>>NOORY: How is he handling
your channeling, your husband?
>>GILLETTE: He works with me.
We do the Theo work together.
And we met because
of my channeling.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GILLETTE: He read
my first book--
"The Fifth Dimension
Channels to a New Reality,"
he read that book.
>>NOORY: He fell in love
with you reading the book.
>>GILLETTE: Well, he said
he wanted to meet me.
>>NOORY: Now did he
get any help from Theo?
>>GILLETTE: I think our
meeting was assisted
by that, by reading the book.
I think he understood
who I was and then asked
or a friend asked me to come
and meet friends of hers.
She didn't even say who it was.
>>NOORY: Does he channel?
>>GILLETTE: In his own way, yes.
>>NOORY: Through with Theo?
>>GILLETTE: No, he gets
information very visually.
Sometimes he gets
information in his own way.
He's been a student as well.
>>NOORY: But he's pretty
well tuned in, isn't he?
>>GILLETTE: He is.
And he's worked now
with me for 26 years.
And he knows Theo very well.
And he is a great
question asker.
>>NOORY: When the
day comes, Sheila,
that you leave the human
body, where will you go?
>>GILLETTE: It's not a
place, I don't think.
I think it's-- I'll just
go into the recognition
of the vibrational frequencies
or multidimensionality energy.
>>NOORY: Will Theo
bring you along?
>>GILLETTE: I think Theo
will be there, for sure.
I have no doubt about that.
>>NOORY: At your bedside?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, probably.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever seen them?
What do they look like
if you've seen them?
>>GILLETTE: You know,
I ask them one time.
And I was in my living
room and I said,
I'd really like to see you.
And what happened was
phenomenal that it's
like this shaft of
light came down.
It came through my ceiling.
And it was a beautiful
shimmering aqua--
>>NOORY: Of energy?
>>GILLETTE: Of energy.
It kind of had gold on the
sides of it, and it was--
the energy of it was
like not overwhelming.
>>NOORY: But that was
what Theo was, energy?
>>GILLETTE: That's
what they showed me.
>>NOORY: They've never showed
you how they look as a human
or with wings or
anything like that?
>>GILLETTE: No, but
I have had a fantasy,
let's say, of Theo, the
group of them sitting around
like a big oval
conference table.
And when somebody asks
a question, whoever's
the smartest one on that topic
goes, I'll take this one,
and they answer.
But that's been in my mind
just because it's comfortable,
it's known in our
human experience.
>>NOORY: Sheila Gillette,
how do people track your work
or get a hold of you?
>>GILLETTE: We have
a great website.
It's called asktheo.com,
and everything's there.
>>NOORY: T H E O.
>>GILLETTE: T H E O.
>>NOORY: Asktheo.com.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Thank you for
being on the program again.
>>GILLETTE: I've so enjoyed
being with you, George.
>>NOORY: She's been
on two times with me
and each time she's on, I learn
something a little bit more
about Theo and the
archangels and ourselves.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]